    **Pong Planning**

    1. Describe the gameplay:
    Game play will be simple. Every time a player hits the ball, it will give them a power up (only if it not on a serve (also this only MIGHT happen))
    These power ups can be used however they tell you to use them (some will give you an extra life, etc.)
    Every time a player misses the ball, it give the other player a point. The first player to get 11 points wins! 

    2. What are the conditions when the game begins?;
    The board will be set up as follows. Both paddles will be in the bottom corner of the screen (opposite from each other).
    The score for each player is 0. 
    The ball will be in the middle of the board, idling. Once a player hits the ball (the players will try to get to it first), the ball will start to bounce from side to side.
    Once a point is dealt, the ball and paddles will reset. 


    3. Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?;
    Once game is won, game will reset an winner get a prize of some sort (^^).
    


    4. What ifs will there be?;
    If the score a player is 11, the player will be announced winner and the game will reset
    If the ball hits a players paddle, the ball will bounce off
    If the ball hits the left side of the arena, the ball will bounce off to the right
    If the ball hits the right side of the arena, the ball will bounce off to the left
    If the ball hits the top of the arena, the ball will bounce off to the bottom
    If the ball hits the bottom of the arena, the ball will bounce off to the top
    If the ball hits the corner of the arena, the ball will bounce off to the opposite corner or side of which it has made contact with.
    If a player does not respond or move the paddle for over 20 seconds, the game is shut off and reset and no one is winner
    If a players paddle makes contact with a power up, the power up is collected

    5. What are the visual game components?
    The power-ups
    ball
    board
    Paddles (x2)
    Net in the middle
    scoreboard

    6. What data will you need to manage each game component?
    The power-ups: positionX, positionY, .css
    ball: positionX, positionY, speedX, speedY, .css
    Paddles (x2): positionX, positionY, speedX, speedY, .css
    Net in the middle: positionX, positionY, .css
    scoreboard: score, positionX, positionY, .css

    7. What events will occur in this game?;
    Every time a player hits the ball, it will give them a power up (only if it not on a serve (also this only MIGHT happen))
    These power ups can be used however they tell you to use them (some will give you an extra life, etc.)
    Every time a player misses the ball, it give the other player a point. The first player to get 11 points wins! Timer will test for each point and put it up on the baord.
    Each time the arrow keys (and WASD keys) are pressed, both paddles will move (one for arrows and one for WASD).


    8. How do those events affect the data of the program?;
    Each time the arrow keys are pressed, the pong paddle (either one) will move in which ever direction it was pushed in.
    Each time the ball collides with the pong paddles, it will bounce off and continue in the other direction.

    9. For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen.;
    Each time the ball is passed the players paddle, a point will be sent to the board for the opposite player
    Each time the ball collides with the pong paddles, it will bounce off and continue in the other direction.
    Each time the arrow keys are pressed, the pong paddle (either one) will move in which ever direction it was pushed in.




